Thank you for this submission.



I am happy that you are now meeting the required criteria and more. This piece is looking great and you have done an excellent job of talking through your steps and logic. You have some great examples in here of you working with feedback and working through problems. You have also made good use of referencing and you have linked this to your working environment.



Here are the KSB's I have marked off:



S7 - Apply structured techniques to problem solving, can debug code and can understand the structure of programmes to identify and resolve Issues.
S4 - Test code and analyse results to correct errors found using unit testing.
S1 - Create logical and maintainable codes.
B10 - Committed to continued professional development.
B4 - Works collaboratively with a wide range of people in different roles, internally and externally, with a positive attitude to inclusion and diversity.
B7 - Communicates effectively in a variety of situations to both a technical and non- technical audience.
B5 - Acts with integrity with respect to ethical, legal and regulatory ensuring the protection of personal data, safety and security.
B1 - Works independently and takes responsibility. For example, has a disciplined and responsible approach to risk, and stays motivated and committed when facing challenges.
B6 - Shows initiative for solving problems within their own remit, being resourceful when faced with a problem to solve.
B8 - Shows curiosity to the business context in which the solution will be used, displaying an inquisitive approach to solving the problem. This includes the curiosity to explore new opportunities, and techniques; the tenacity to improve methods and maximise performance of the solution; and creativity in their approach to solutions.
B9 - Demonstrates creativity and tenacity in their approach to solutions and the methods used to come to a solution, for example sees the task through to the end by devising new solutions and despite obstacles and problems along the way.


-- Additional --



K8 - Organisational policies and procedures relating to the tasks being undertaken, and when to follow them. For example, the storage and treatment of GDPR sensitive data.
S5 - Conduct a range of test types, such as Integration, System, User Acceptance, Non-Functional, Performance and Security testing.
B2 - Applies logical thinking. For example, uses clear and valid reasoning when making decisions related to undertaking work instructions.


Before this piece goes into your portfolio, I would just remove page 7 which is blank and fix the text formatting on page 36. Otherwise, everything else looks good!



Thank you for all your hard work on this piece, it will look great in your portfolio!



Tom